[website] Modify admin-api-topic.md document (#12996)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/admin-api-topics.md

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

> ### Get backlog size

Reviewer: why move `get backlog size` here?

> You can get backlog size of a single topic partition or a nonpartitioned topic given a message ID (in bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the backlog size of a single partition topic or a non-partitioned topic with a given message ID (in bytes).
```
do you mean this?

Author: Yes
Done, PTAL

<!--Java-->
```java

> admin.topics().getPartitionedTopicList(namespace);

Reviewer: @BewareMyPower can you review `line 1237 - line 1251` from the technical perspective? Thanks

Reviewer 2: It's okay.
